README.md, before:

# USDA Validation Study
## Summary
This project is aimed at validating RT-QuIC and Nano-QuIC for post- and ante-mortem testing of white-tail deer. This is a longitudinal study, with sampling efforts every 3 months. 
### Ante-mortem samples:
-   Oral swabs
-   Nasal swabs
-   Rectal biopsies
-   Whole blood
-   Plasma
-   Serum
-   Ear punches
-   Feces
### Post-mortem samples:
-   Obex
-   RAMALT
-   RPLN
## Analysis Workflow
This project utilized `renv`. Please ensure you are working within the virtual environment to guarantee consistent results between users. This project uses the updated development version 3.0.2 of **[quicR](https://github.com/gage1145/quicR/releases/tag/v3.0.2)**. Please make sure you are using this version. `renv` should ensure this.

Each sample type may require a unique analysis pipeline. Therefore, each sample type has its own analysis script. The naming convention for these scripts is `sampletype_analysis.R`. Additionally, each sample has an accompanying figure script named `sampletype_figures.R`.

Analysis scripts export CSV files to the `/data/` subfolder. These files are excluded intentionally from the repo since they can become very big and can be generated by the user upon execution of the analysis scripts.

Commit message:

Update README with quicR version and output format changes
Updated quicR version requirement and changed output file format from CSV to parquet. Added section on Airtable integration.

README.md, after:

# USDA Validation Study
## Summary
This project is aimed at validating RT-QuIC and Nano-QuIC for post- and ante-mortem testing of white-tail deer. This is a longitudinal study, with sampling efforts every 3 months. 
### Ante-mortem samples:
-   Oral swabs
-   Nasal swabs
-   Rectal biopsies
-   Whole blood
-   Plasma
-   Serum
-   Ear punches
-   Feces
### Post-mortem samples:
-   Obex
-   RAMALT
-   RPLN
## Analysis Workflow
This project utilized `renv`. Please ensure you are working within the virtual environment to guarantee consistent results between users. This project uses the updated development version of **[quicR](https://github.com/gage1145/quicR/releases/tag/v3.0.3)**. Please make sure you are using this versions >=3.0.2. `renv` should ensure this.

Each sample type may require a unique analysis pipeline. Therefore, each sample type has its own analysis script. The naming convention for these scripts is `sampletype_analysis.R`. Additionally, each sample has an accompanying figure script named `sampletype_figures.R`.

Analysis scripts export parquet files to the `/data/` subfolder. These files are excluded intentionally from the repo since they can become very big and can be generated by the user upon execution of the analysis scripts.
## Airtable Integration
R integration with the Airtable API is done through **[airtabler](https://github.com/bergant/airtabler)**. Python integration is done through **[pyairtable](https://pyairtable.readthedocs.io/en/stable/getting-started.html)**. Please refer to their docs for usage.
